# hello
## world

## Reflections
The study in many ways accomplished what the research goal was - to confirm and find pain points throughout the website
Great feedback - thought the site was antiquated. Affirmed my suspicions about user control and freedom, graphics placement, recognition vs. recall, navigating the website being cumbersome and more. This exercise really reinforced how beneficial it is to conduct a heuristic evaluation first, in order to craft and implement the usability test. Very insightful and felt like I was not guessing certain assumptions. 
I wasn't planning on the user stumbling onto user control and freedom issues with a certain question, however the I did state that this particular violation was rampant throughout the website. 
In executing the research, I should habe been more mindful about the research setting. Specifically, conducting the research on two different screens while using Zoom. ONe part of the scenario was supposed to engage with the horizantal navigation arrows and due to the redcuion of the website space on the screen, that particular functionality was not displayed and the user was not able to visually see it or engage with it. This serves as a great mistake to always be thorough in your test environment for research before implementing it. Crafting the scenarios was also challenging. I had to put myself in the shoes of a teacher to make sure the scenarios made sense. I ran the scenarios by my aunt, who recommended and uses the site, to make sure they made sense and were not out of scope. Lastly, my target audience is teachers who are middle-aged women so my initial research subject met that criteria. However, my research subject dropped out of the study due to personal reasons and I had to act quickly to get a research particpant. While the participant was middle-aged, he was male and not a teacher. For future research, I know that I need to target that audience.  
